Hey, I saw an article this morning. I wanted to, um, get your thoughts on it.
Okay. Uh, I was reading about, uh,
that they're thinking about putting a video gaming in the Olympics. Whoa.
Yeah. And the way they were talking about it, they're like, this is inevitable.
This is going to be in the Olympics. And these, uh,
kids consider themselves athletes. The only hangup that they had on it was it,
the video games are violent and they don't want to promote that. But to me,
it was like, well, wait, was this really a sport?
This is the Olympics trying to cash in. That's all that is.
I think the Olympics are dirty. I think it's a dirty business. And, uh,
this was highlighted by the movie.
Ikaros if you watch that movie and you realize how, uh,
the IOC is in bed with the world anti-doping agency and
how, you know, how they sort of functioned together.
And what it really is all about is making money and anything that
compromises that making money, they're going to vote against it. It's just,
it's not, it's a dirty business.
And if they did have it in the Olympics,
what they would basically do is take these guys who were making millions and
millions of dollars playing video games at a professional level. Yeah.
And millions, they would make them work for free.
And then they would make all the millions of millions of dollars. But let's say,
yeah, you get to be in the Olympics. It's a dirty business.
I think the Olympics are dirty.
That's terrible.
Yeah. Well his chess in the Olympics, no wrestling, but chess.
You're actually moving pieces around video games, icons on a screen. Like why,
what, what do you mean? They took wrestling out.
It took wrestling out of it.
They took really took wrestling out of the Olympics. Yeah, no, they did.
Yes they did. Yes. I love wrestling and they took it out.
They might've brought it back, but it was gone. Right? Jamie?
No, no, wrestling's not.
Out of the, yes. They took it out.
There was no wrestling in the summer Olympics. Come on. I'm not kidding.
For real.
For real, that doesn't make any sense. I know. That's crazy.
Why wouldn't I never heard of that. I know there were,
there was at one point in time they were talking about it,
but I thought the thought it was put back in.
What was it say it was out for at least one and.
2013 IOC voted to drop wrestling from the summer Olympic program.
Effective 2020.
Is a real.
Yeah. I don't know if it's happened yet because it's supposed to be for 2020.
I don't know if it's.
I'm pretty sure it was in the Olympics in the summer at what's that 2020 yet.
So no, but I mean the last Olympics that he's saying it wasn't in.
I don't think it was. Yeah. I think it was, I don't think it was.
I called Bob Costa. Call him now.
Bob. Bob is your, I cured.
Bob was uh, on an episode news radio kicked my. That was the episode.
I thought he was hitting on this girl that I was dating. He beat me up. Yeah,
there it isn't the Olympics. Oh, I guess Tom Papa's.
Oh, that's from the seventies. Look at that kind of second.
Did you see that guy? You see that?
[inaudible].
Look at that guy. Jesus Christ ninth.
18, 18 96. Go back to that. And they took it out.
All right. So maybe it was in last time, but look at it.
They voted against it now.
Checked. He is Jack weightlifting back then. Let me tell you something, bro.
That guy is not jacked. He's jacked. Pure. Let me see this.
Let me see a little of this. If.
The Greco-Roman introduced in Athens in 1896.
Going on here, the grabbing each other by the underwear,
it was a different kind of wrestling.
That's ladies.
Buhler. That is a rough sport. Oh my God.
Uh, I went, I found this though. It, uh, they're adding, um,
video games to the Asian games in 2022.
And then it's gonna be a demonstration sport in Paris, 2024. It's common.
Well wrestling.
Those guys don't need it. You know? And this is my message to anybody.
Who's a pro video gamer. You don't need those people. What do they offer?
They offer. They want you to work for free. They gotta to make all the money.
You were already huge. And by the way,
the people who run that they miss the boat. They didn't see it coming.
They don't deserve it.
What about the athlete part of it? What about it? Do you consider it a sport?
Well, no, it's a game, but it's a very highly skilled game. I mean,
it's definitely something valuable. Like the,
it used to be thought of as a frivolous waste of time. Right.
But now you can make legitimate money with it, but you don't,
I don't think you classify it as a sport. I mean, they call it e-sports.
Right. Are they an athlete? Is this the top gamer? An athlete?
The only caveat is that it's hand-eye coordination right there is
hand-eye coordination. And D what do you consider a sport?
Do you consider something?
You move your entire body or just moving your fingers enough? Um, cause like,
is pool a sport? Billiards? Is that sport? I don't think it is. I think.
It's a game. It's yeah.
It's a good,
it's a game that requires hand-eye coordination and control and touch
tennis is sport.
Right? Yeah.
Tennis requires full physical being full mental being.
Yeah. You're you're running around you jumping back and forth.
You're swatting that ball there.
They're shooting at you trying to get out of the way. I mean the,
the amount of endurance you have and stamina and explosiveness all contributes
to your game.
Would you make an exception for someone that's really good at Kubert? Yes.
For subway surfers in subway surfaces court. My daughter plays that.
She's a little wizard.
Um.
It's a, yeah, it's not a sport. The only one in the Olympics,
because they realized there's massive amounts of people that are watching it and
playing them now. And they can make a lot of them.
No arenas. I mean, they're going to they're filling arenas, Olympics.
The live part of it is a billion dollar business. Yeah.
There's a lot of sports that are in the Olympics that no one gives a about if
they're not in the Olympics. Right, right. Like, like.
Curling the, um, ski shoot one skiing and shooting one with it. Yeah.
Well that full-on or pentathlon or yeah, there's the one that Bruce Jenner one.
Which one was that?
That's the decathlon. Did he.
Have to shoot or nothing? Now throw a spear or something? No.
He did the javelin chaplains part of it. Technically a spear,
but.
Okay. Is archery. Archery is in the Olympics. Yeah. Is that a sport? Um,
that's more of a sport.
Right? You're using your full.
Body. Well, not really mean you are for like stability.
You're stabilizing with your legs and you have a certain stance.
And if your Bose heavy to pull back, then it requires strength.
But that's a, that's blurring the lines.
I think archery is essentially a martial art with a tool, you know,
and then you're demonstrating, but you could do it on paper.
So it's target archery, but they do, they have target shooting in the Olympics.
Um, well as part of skiing, right. Or they think they do it in both.
They do it in summer to.
Uh, just targeted. Yep. Just shooting. Right. That girl you told me about. Yeah.
That's interesting. I mean, that's close to a video game.
No, no video games are, well, I guess maybe, but like we were shooting,
showing that Sarah Pailin thing, which she was trying to shoot off hand.
Totally hot holding the gun up. That's um, if you like,
that's more of a sport who you try to shoot off hand or
pistol shooting. I would say like pistol shooting would definitely be a sport.
Like when they do those courses, you ever seen those courses that they do,
like for training,
ready go light goes off and then you run through a door and then you turn a
corner and 10 times, and then you dive down. Yeah. And some are bad guys.
Some are good guys. And then sometimes they do,
there's a bunch of different ones they do.
And some of them are just targets and some of them are targets that are dressed
up like people. Right? Yeah. That's actually what the sport.